cameras have really changed over the
years but some of the design elements
have stayed the same like a camera
that's shaped like a box the only
difference is they've gotten a little
smaller like the polaroid cube and it
shoots video and still photographs
not to mention this thing is weather
proof and shockproof did I mention the
little magnet on the bottom you can
stick it just about anywhere one nice
feature for the camera it is splash
proof you can take different places and
get it wet it's not waterproof without
the case but you can just have it by a
pool get splashed you can take it
waterskiing in the variety places you
wouldn't really want to carry your
expensive DSLR or expensive compact
camera with the magnet on the bottom
they'll stick the metal so your
refrigerator your car and of course my
favorite trying it out with my Potter
it's small easy to operate and features
the Polaroid brand stripes and is shaped
like a square cube it's also priced just
under $100 simplicity is what I really
like about this camera you open up the
back of the camera with a coin to find a
round opening which contains a slot for
a micro SD card up to 32 gigabytes a
switch to change between 720 and 1080
video and a micro USB port to charge
your camera the cube is available in a
variety of colors it's a pretty simple
operation you hold down the button on
top for three seconds to turn the camera
on after the green light comes on with
an audio tone you press once to take
still photos or twice to start shooting
video
no LCD screen no Wi-Fi no real
adjustments now the quality of the
camera in terms of the video or still
frames doesn't exact up to expensive
cameras but it was a lot better than I
expected
it's geared toward fun and easy to carry
and not per the professional
photographer any camera I can juggle is
gonna be one of my favorites for the Los
Angeles Times
I'm Robert Lockley